Documenting CA certificates setup for hetty (#21)
dstotijn/hetty: README.md

        CA private key filepath. Creates a new CA private key if file doesn't exist (default "~/.hetty/hetty_key.pem")
```

## Certificate Setup and Installation

In order for Hetty to proxy requests going to HTTPS endpoints, certificates for 
Hetty will need to be set up. Furthermore, these certificates may need to be
installed to the host for them to be trusted by your browser. The following steps
will cover how you can generate your certificate, provide them to hetty, and how
you can install them in your local CA store.

⚠️ _Note: These instructions assume you have access to the OpenSSL libraries and_
_command line utilities. This process was done on a Linux machine but should_
_provide guidance on Windows and macOS as well._

### Generating CA certificates

You can start off by generating a new key and CA certificate which will both expire
after a month.

```sh

> openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -new -nodes -x509 -days 31 -keyout hetty_key.pem -out hetty_cert.pem

Reviewer: I don't think that's needed anymore.
Hetty generates a set of certs on startup

Author: Good point! I can make a mention of the automatically generated certificates as well 👍

Author: Latest commit 9a8afda now mentions instructions for both Hetty and OpenSSL, mentioning the benefit of one over the other, and suggesting Hetty defaults for beginners. More advanced users who need control over certificate expiration or cryptography strength can use OpenSSL if they would like, and the instructions outline the process.

        CA private key filepath. Creates a new CA private key if file doesn't exist (default "~/.hetty/hetty_key.pem")
```

## Certificate Setup and Installation

In order for Hetty to proxy requests going to HTTPS endpoints, a root CA certificate for 
Hetty will need to be set up. Furthermore, the CA certificate may need to be
installed to the host for them to be trusted by your browser. The following steps
will cover how you can generate your certificate, provide them to hetty, and how
you can install them in your local CA store.

> ⚠️ _This process was done on a Linux machine but should_

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be native markdown `:warning:` instead of an embedded emoji

        CA private key filepath. Creates a new CA private key if file doesn't exist (default "~/.hetty/hetty_key.pem")
```

## Certificate Setup and Installation

> In order for Hetty to proxy requests going to HTTPS endpoints, certificates for 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order for Hetty to proxy requests going to HTTPS endpoints, a root CA certificate for 
```

> Hetty will need to be set up. Furthermore, these certificates may need to be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hetty will need to be set up. Furthermore, the CA certificate may need to be
```

installed to the host for them to be trusted by your browser. The following steps
will cover how you can generate your certificate, provide them to hetty, and how
you can install them in your local CA store.

⚠️ _This process was done on a Linux machine but should_
_provide guidance on Windows and macOS as well._

### Generating CA certificates

> You can generate CA certificates two different ways. The first is bundled directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can generate a CA keypair two different ways. The first is bundled directly
```

> with hetty, and simplifies the process immensely. The alternative is using OpenSSL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with Hetty, and simplifies the process immensely. The alternative is using OpenSSL
```

to generate them, which provides more control over expiration time and cryptography
used, but requires you install the OpenSSL tooling. The first is suggested for any
beginners trying to get started.

#### Generating CA certificates with hetty

Hetty will generate the default key and certificate on its own if none are supplied
or found in `~/.hetty/` when first running the CLI. To generate a default key and
certificate with hetty, simply run the command with no arguments

```sh
hetty
```

You should now have a key and certificate located at  `~/.hetty/hetty_key.pem` and
`~/.hetty/hetty_cert.pem` respectively.

#### Generating CA certificates with OpenSSL

You can start off by generating a new key and CA certificate which will both expire
after a month.

```sh

> openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -new -nodes -x509 -days 31 -keyout hetty_key.pem -out hetty_cert.pem

Reviewer 2: Maybe simplify this section by creating the keypair directly in `~/.hetty`.
```suggestion
mkdir ~/.hetty
openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -new -nodes -x509 -days 31 -keyout ~/.hetty/hetty_key.pem -out ~/.hetty/hetty_cert.pem
```

```

The default location which `hetty` will check for the key and CA certificate is under
`~/.hetty/`, at `hetty_key.pem` and `hetty_cert.pem` respectively. You can move them
here and `hetty` will detect them automatically. Otherwise, you can specify the
location of these as arguments to `hetty`.

```
hetty -key key.pem -cert cert.pem
```

> ### Installing CA certificates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Trusting the CA certificate
```

In order for your browser to allow traffic to the local Hetty proxy, you may need
to install these certificates to your local CA store. Otherwise, you may be met

> with errors related to HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS). In the real world this

Reviewer 2: I don't this HSTS is relevant here in this context; this is about trust for the CA we've generated. We could maybe rephrase this paragraph to:

> Your browser first needs to trust the CA certificate we generated earlier. By default it doesn't, and any certificates signed by Hetty during proxying using the CA will be treated as invalid.

Author: The reason I included this was because I had tested this case myself in Firefox and ran into this error, and thought it may be useful for others who are confused why it's not working. I can removed this part if you would like.

Author: This has been removed as it may be misleading or irrelevant.
